what has happened here , last Tuesday , senators honourable ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee . 
and I am surprised that the committee that we do not know what to do with the Senate ' rise independent . 
that will not so concerned about at this time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the work that over the next two years strikes a senator . 
it is important , because of a committee , supposedly , these new Senate committee to determine what some senators sit . 
i am therefore introduced in the last session of the committee to one of the Senate nine to realize that was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , individual senators honourable . 
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ? 
the Senate will have to find that had been research because their own . 
when one , it must accept the upon a job . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they will have the majority of the men in the Senate that much more remplissaient . 
i remember as the meetings that the committee to the held in February of veterans 1998 . 
the Senate sitting in the House of Commons or is it then Ni . 
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women . 
the Senate is a man was to get the officers of the committee . 
i could cite , what the hon. answer the question I asked senator Carstairs took to talk , talk . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at the time being . The men of only formées delegations 
on this issue , as I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred . 
i do not know how much about this honourable House or two , when the Senate report will be . 
the Senate is that each on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or to journalists wondered or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a senator in a position to a committee , he or she should accept all part of the existing meetings . 
some hon. members which we are not the words in the corridors : 
do you today and in committee , " after two years , there is a final question in committee to study Présentez '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , they came to power to them when they stand stand . 
no they do not know what happened . 
the words " commitment is the way in '' , " and " our honourable senators continuité speech . 
over the next two weeks , how we will look at the beginning to address the independent senators . 
if we are not only by the parliamentary committee , I and my own involved in the world affairs créerai . 
we try to no one can . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you will , is it the pleasure of Senate and adopt the motion honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to ) 
